schema2workshop-workflow/README.md, before:

# Developing Visual Representations of JSONSchema Specifications

This framework in this repository is aimed at standards adoption practitioners aiming to present the components of a JSONSchema standard or specification to non-familiar audiences. **An existing JSONSchema file is a prerequisite**.

## Aim

> Within this how-to guide, the focus is on the [Social Economy Data Lab](http://socialeconomydatalab.org/), its [Specification](http://spec.socialeconomydatalab.org/en/latest/), the [Schema](https://github.com/SocialEconomyDataLab/spec/blob/master/schema/schema.json).

When trying to communicate what a new standard could communicate and what the associated data could look like, and when trying to gather feedback from prospective users of it, a JSONSchema specification has some fundamental advantages, and some fundamental drawbacks.

Take the following starting section of the draft schema for Social Economy Data Lab Specification:

```js
{
    "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-04/schema#",
    "id": "https://github.com/SocialEconomyDataLab/spec/blob/master/schema/schema.json",
    "title": "Social Economy Data Lab Specification",
    "description": "A draft schema for describing social investment deals",
    "type": "object",
    "properties": {
        "Deal": {
            "title": "Deal",
            "description": "A social investment deal",
            "type": "object",
            "required": ["identifier","title","recipientOrganization","arrangingOrganization","investments","dealDate"],
            "properties": {
                "identifier": {
                    "title": "Identifier",
                    "description": "Unique internal identifier for the social investment deal.",
                    "type": "string"
                },
                "title": {
                    "title": "Title",
                    "description": "A title for the deal. Ideally, this is concise and under 140 characters.",
                    "type": "string"
                }
              // the rest of the schema has been truncated here...  
            }
        }
    }
}
```

Although this is very precise, it's not engaging, and it's hard to envisage what the data it standardises would look like.

The aim of this resource is to guide a semi-technical open data practitioner to creating visual representations of possible data which look like this:

![media/schema_markedup_with_data](_media/schema_markedup_with_data.png)

These take the form of webpages. Their components can be extracted via a screenshot, and their structure can be modified with different versions of a JSON data file which adheres to the Schema.

## Walk Through

Before beginning, ensure the following:

1. You have a full, valid JSONSchema which describes your data standard. It doesn't have to be final, but it must be functional (in that all of the references resolve, etc.). See [this schema](https://github.com/SocialEconomyDataLab/spec/blob/master/schema/schema.json) for an example.
2. You have access too this online tool: https://json-editor.github.io/json-editor. It is the backbone of this process, so play around with your schema and get familiar with the user interface.
3. OPTIONAL: get to grips with Chrome's 'Overrides' feature - it's really useful for persisting the tweaks you make to CSS.

Commit message:

updated readme and added files for AbstractDeal

schema2workshop-workflow/README.md, after:

# Developing Visual Representations of JSONSchema Specifications

This framework in this repository is aimed at standards adoption practitioners aiming to present the components of a JSONSchema standard or specification to non-familiar audiences. **An existing JSONSchema file is a prerequisite**.

## Aim

> Within this how-to guide, the focus is on the [Social Economy Data Lab](http://socialeconomydatalab.org/), its [Specification](http://spec.socialeconomydatalab.org/en/latest/), the [Schema](https://github.com/SocialEconomyDataLab/spec/blob/master/schema/schema.json).

When trying to communicate what a new standard could communicate and what the associated data could look like, and when trying to gather feedback from prospective users of it, a JSONSchema specification has some fundamental advantages, and some fundamental drawbacks.

Take the following starting section of the draft schema for Social Economy Data Lab Specification:

```js
{
    "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-04/schema#",
    "id": "https://github.com/SocialEconomyDataLab/spec/blob/master/schema/schema.json",
    "title": "Social Economy Data Lab Specification",
    "description": "A draft schema for describing social investment deals",
    "type": "object",
    "properties": {
        "Deal": {
            "title": "Deal",
            "description": "A social investment deal",
            "type": "object",
            "required": ["identifier","title","recipientOrganization","arrangingOrganization","investments","dealDate"],
            "properties": {
                "identifier": {
                    "title": "Identifier",
                    "description": "Unique internal identifier for the social investment deal.",
                    "type": "string"
                },
                "title": {
                    "title": "Title",
                    "description": "A title for the deal. Ideally, this is concise and under 140 characters.",
                    "type": "string"
                }
              // the rest of the schema has been truncated here...  
            }
        }
    }
}
```

Although this is very precise, it's not engaging, and it's hard to envisage what the data it standardises would look like.

The aim of this resource is to guide a semi-technical open data practitioner to creating visual representations of possible data which look like this:

![media/schema_markedup_with_data](_media/schema_markedup_with_data.png)

These take the form of webpages. Their components can be extracted via a screenshot, and their structure can be modified with different versions of a JSON data file which adheres to the Schema.

## Walk Through

Before beginning, ensure the following:

* You have a full, valid JSONSchema which describes your data standard. It doesn't have to be final, but it must be functional (in that all of the references resolve, etc.). See [this schema](https://github.com/SocialEconomyDataLab/spec/blob/master/schema/schema.json) for an example.
* You have access too this online tool: https://json-editor.github.io/json-editor. It is the backbone of this process, so play around with your schema and get familiar with the user interface.
* OPTIONAL: get to grips with Chrome's 'Overrides' feature - it's really useful for persisting the tweaks you make to CSS.

### Getting your Schema, and Empty Data File

1. create a new directory at `standards/<standard-name>/` and save your JSONSchema file there as `original-schema.json`
2. go to https://json-editor.github.io/json-editor
3. scroll down, and paste your whole JSONSchema file into the box labelled 'Schema', and click 'Update Schema'
4. scroll through the newly generated form and click 'add item' wherever you would like at least one instance of an array to be included in your data
5. fill out all of the example data you'd like in the form and then copy the resulting JSON data from the 'JSON Output' box and save it to `standards/<standard-name>/full-json-data.json`
 > note that after added the empty objects, you can copy the file without any data input and fill it later in a text editor if that's your style

### Tweaking Styling
